Improve Contributing guidelines (#2739)
SubnauticaNitrox/Nitrox: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Nitrox

Thank you for your interest in contributing to Nitrox! Whether you’re a first-timer or a seasoned developer, we welcome your help.

For significant features, or if you are unsure, contact us on [Discord](https://discord.gg/E8B4X9s) before starting.

🚨 **We highly recommend visiting our [📜 documentation](https://subnauticanitrox.github.io/Documentation/), where you will find detailed setup and contribution guides.** 🚨

## 👔 Code of Conduct

Treat everyone with respect. We value kindness, patience, and constructive feedback. If you encounter inappropriate behavior, please report it to the team.

> We’re all friends here. Please be kind, patient, and constructive. If you disagree, explain your reasoning respectfully and be open to alternatives. Remember that English may not be everyone’s first language, so assume good intent and help each other out.

Reviewer: I think "We're all friends here" is a bit too on the nose. Omitting this but keeping the rest appears more sincere to me.

If you can’t finish something, let us know so others can help.

## ❓ Questions

Please keep our [GitHub issues](https://github.com/SubnauticaNitrox/Nitrox/issues) for bug reports and feature requests. For general questions or complaints, please head to our [Discord](https://discord.gg/E8B4X9s).

### 🐛 Bugs

If you find a bug, you can help the community by submitting an issue. Once the issue is filed, feel free to work on a fix and submit a PR.

🔍 You can also help us verify issues that are [labeled with Status: To Verify](https://github.com/SubnauticaNitrox/Nitrox/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aopen%20label%3A%22Status%3A%20to%20verify%22).

🏋️ If this is your first time contributing to Nitrox and you do not have advanced programming experience, we have you covered.

> Nitrox has a [list of good first issues](https://github.com/SubnauticaNitrox/Nitrox/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20is%3Aopen%20label%3A%22Complexity%3A%20easy%22%20-linked%3Apr%20no%3Aassignee) that can be a great way to find something that fits your expertise or technical background.

Reviewer 2: This link seems to think the Complexity easy is an invalid search, not sure if anyone else is seeing this

Reviewer: Works for me: https://github.com/SubnauticaNitrox/Nitrox/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20is%3Aopen%20label%3A%22Complexity%3A%20easy%22%20-linked%3Apr%20no%3Aassignee

Reviewer 2: ![Screenshot_20260516-215021_Firefox.png](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/df8d4eeb-18f6-4de7-b04a-0b91fae77a98)

If you find a bug, you can help the community by submitting an issue. Once the issue is filed, feel free to work on a fix and submit a PR.

🔍 You can also help us verify issues that are [labeled with Status: To Verify](https://github.com/SubnauticaNitrox/Nitrox/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aopen%20label%3A%22Status%3A%20to%20verify%22).

> 🏋️ If this is your first time contributing to Nitrox and you do not have advanced programming experience, we have you covered.

Reviewer 2: I would be tempted to have this section higher up for first time developers. In with this I would probably have the ai statement slightly lower down below this and above section as these soon more relevant, though I suppose an argument could be made for people just using ai and we want to make that clear. Just thought I would put my thoughts here

Author: Should be good now

> Nitrox has a [list of good first issues](https://github.com/SubnauticaNitrox/Nitrox/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aopen%20label%3A%22Complexity%3A%20easy%22) that can be a great way to find something that fits your expertise or technical background.

Reviewer: Extended with `no linked PR` and `no assignee`.

```suggestion
Nitrox has a [list of good first issues](https://github.com/SubnauticaNitrox/Nitrox/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20is%3Aopen%20label%3A%22Complexity%3A%20easy%22%20-linked%3Apr%20no%3Aassignee) that can be a great way to find something that fits your expertise or technical background.
```
